[Living Brain]
That fool Spider‐Man
had no idea what was coming.
Even at the very end,
he never truly understood.
I just needed
your defenses worn out,
making you susceptible
to the download of my mind
into your body, permanently!
[Spider‐Man straining]
Sorry, Ock...
[grunts]
but this body is already...
occupied!
[thuds]
No time to defuse it.
I have to take it
somewhere safe.
[grunts]
That bomb has more time left
than you do, Spider.
[straining]
[screaming]
[Doc Ock's voice, thinking]
Did... it work?
Ah. I‐‐ I did it!
I, Doctor Octopus,
snuffed out the mind
of my enemy.
Now I inhabit the body
of Spider‐Man!
[laughing]
[sighs]
I've witnessed him
do this many times.
I suppose I just...
[laughs]
Success!
[grunting]
[laughing]
[sighs]
One could get used
to this spider‐strength.
[chuckles]
Now,
time to let the world
see their hero.
[crowd gasps]
[yells]
[grunts]
[beeping]
[crowd cheering]
You did it, Spider‐Man.
They don't think
he's a menace today.
Maybe people
will finally see Spidey
for who he really is.
Ah, my Octo‐lair.
Or, given my plan's success,
should I call you
the Spider's Nest?
Now, to finally answer
a burning question‐‐
the true identity
of the man who has been
a thorn in my side.
Peter Parker?!
My former student?
The one who was late
for my lecture on punctuality?
Impossible! He's a dolt!
Yet he managed to fool me
this entire time!
Ugh!
But no, it does not matter.
I have destroyed
my most hated enemy,
and gained
remarkably clear skin.
Now, with the powers
of Spider‐Man,
New York will bow to my genius!
[Doc Ock's voice, thinking]
Constants are vital
to mathematical equations.
And from my childhood
to my recent mistreatment
by both Horizon
and Oz Academy,
there has always been
one constant in my life‐‐
persecution by the citizens
of this city.
Now, as Spider‐Man,
I will pay back
such treatment tenfold!
Aah!
[Peter sniffles]
I just want to get back
at them, Uncle Ben.
It's not fair!
I know being picked on
never feels good, Pete.
But‐‐ But what did
we talk about?
Do you have that formula?
I know. "With great power
comes great responsibility."
But I don't have power.
The bullies do.
With your smarts, kiddo,
you have more power
than a thousand bullies.
The question is,
are you going to use that power
just for revenge,
or are you going to use it
to make the world
a better place?
[echoing]
The world a better place...
[grunts]
What
was that?
[groans]
Th‐That must've been
one of Parker's
latent memories.
Some neurological detritus
left over
when I rewrote
my mental patterns
onto his brain.
I'm certain
it will fade in time.
"Great responsibility"...
Ha!
Whoever invented this formula
is a scientific ignoramus.
For one thing, in physics,
"G" stands for "gravity,"
not "great."
What nonsense.
[woman grunting]
[through speaker device]
Silver Sable. Keeping yourself
at the ready, I see.
Impressive.
The Spider.
Not exactly.
Let's just say
I'm under new management.
I'm here on behalf
of your client, Doc Ock.
You, working for the Octopus?
How stupid
do you think I am?
Only mildly.
Are you ready to move forward
with the operation?
A trap.
Trying to trick me
into giving you
details of Ock's plans.
The plan of robbing
Advanced Idea Mechanics
of their superweapons?
I don't need you
to tell me the details.
Ock already has.
Once modified
by Ock's brilliance,
those weapons will arm
a group of underlings
so powerful,
they will make the Sinister Six
look like irate children.
You intercepted that info.
If you were working for Ock,
he'd have given you
a pass code to‐‐
Omega 4‐1.
You really are working
for that ugly blowhard.
Ock is a genius!
And many people find him
quite handsome, actually.
Sure. A handsome genius
who left me in here
to rot for months.
I was beginning to think
he'd forgotten our arrangement.
Patience clearly isn't one of
the disciplines in which
you are trained.
Are you on board or not?
Yes. Get me out of here,
and I'm ready to move forward.
That's all I needed to hear.
[clicks]
Hmm. Got to
hand it to him.
That squalid little man
knows his tech.
"Squalid"?!
Otto Octavius's hygiene
is above repute.
Go. I'll soon supply you
with coordinates.
Then play your part,
just as Ock brilliantly planned.
Copy that.
Well, look at that.
What, you in the jailbreak
business now, bug?
Spidey!
You made it here so fast.
You gotta stop him!
Nuts to that.
Yeah, I knew you wouldn't
wanna mess with me, insect.
[laughing]
You're letting
dangerous criminals
back on the streets!
Thanks for nothing,
Spider‐Man!
Hey, stop that guy!
He broke in without clearance!
Outta my way, man!
[man]
Hey, Spider, you're on.
Come on!
Thanks for nothing!
[Spider‐Man]
Sorry. I gotta save my moves
for the judges.
Oh, no!
[yells, grunts]
Another of Parker's
intrusive memories?
Why is this nagging me?
Somehow I regret
not having stopped Hammerhead.
But why should I care
if another criminal
is on the loose?
I do not have time
for such irrelevant trivia.
I must not let
any variables
distract me.
A facility
for processing honey?
Even I'll admit,
it's a clever place
to hide an undercover outpost
of the criminal
science organization, AIM.
Admittedly very advanced
security measures.
Genius level, in fact.
Good thing I'm superior
to mere geniuses.
Excellent.
Not that I'm surprised
by my own genius.
Now to message these
coordinates to Sable
so she knows the exact location
of the AIM weapons cache.
What is this sensation?
A tingling.
A need to jump!
Aim found me,
yet I had some kind
of mental danger sense.
No wonder Spider‐Man
was always able to dodge
my surprise attacks!
Only a temporary complication.
I'll finish these fools off
in no time.
[yells]
What? Out of webs?
I can run out of webs?
I did not know that!
No more webs?
What kind of dolt
creates a device
with these severe limitations?
[grunting]
The strength and reflexes
in this body
are truly amazing.
Which means though
I might be outnumbered,
the odds are certainly
not against me!
[grunts]
Defeating AIM
with rudimentary physics.
[grunts]
How fitting.
[kick lands]
[Dock Ock's voice groans]
It's becoming readily apparent
Parker never lived up
to his full potential
with these powers.
I would give his efforts
a 47 percent‐‐
well below a passing grade.
Advanced Idea
Mechanics, huh?
More like Advanced
Imbecilic Meatheads.
[laughs]
I've been holding on
to that joke for years.
Worth the wait.
[AIM soldiers groaning]
Aah!
Ha! You missed.
[all crying out]
[tires screeching]
[creaking]
Why do I feel compelled
to save them?
Why am I taking this risk?
[all scream]
[whimpering]
Huh?
You‐‐ You saved us!
You're a hero.
[siren wailing]
[grunts]
I am no
hero.
[brakes screech]
Yes, I am
quite impressive.
Now quit gawking
and save these innocents!
Yes, sir!
Here we go.
[grunts]
Hurry!
[screaming]
Ben!
I have you!
"I have you"?
[onlookers cheering]
You are...
[cheering continues]
welcome.
Now, this is how
one creates a web‐shooter.
Highly condensed web fluid.
Nearly impossible to run out,
and stronger to boot.
It stuns me how inefficient
Parker was as Spider‐Man.
In local news,
a family of three
were unexpectedly rescued
by Spider‐Man
this afternoon.
Despite his
controversial reputation,
to the passengers
in this vehicle,
Spider‐Man
is a lifesaver.
What compelled me
to save that van
when I should be focusing
on my own mission?
Another side effect
of the mind transfer, perhaps?
I'll have to research later.
The coordinates I gave Sable.
AIM has hidden
their superweapons cache
directly under Central Park?
There will be many
innocent people present
when she puts
the explosive extraction
into motion.
Not ideal.
[groans]
I cannot believe these ideas
are in my brain.
Why should I,
the great Otto Octavius,
feel concern for people
I do not even know?
What care I
for the unwashed masses?
[gasps]
You‐‐ You saved us!
You're a hero.
Stay focused. No variables!
This is about me.
About my plans!
[Spider‐Man grunts]
You're coming with me!
[grunts]
[man yelling]
[groans]
D‐Don't hurt me!
[Spider‐Man]
Are you making a request
or quoting
someone else from tonight?
I didn't mean to‐‐
[muffled shouting]
Save your excuses!
[grunts]
All I wanna hear
is your screams!
Huh?
That face!
I remember that face.
What have I done?
My inaction caused
the death of the man
who raised me!
Uncle Ben... I'm so sorry.
What?
I have not allowed myself
to cry in years!
Ugh!
I have made a...
miscalculation.
I believed Parker's body
would simply be a vessel
for my own mind,
but now I share his experiences
as if I'd lived them.
I may not have
made these memories,
but they are in my brain.
They are as much mine now
as they were Parker's.
I believed great power
was only a means to more power.
But now I see that I was wrong.
I cannot,
through my inaction,
allow others to suffer
as Uncle Ben did.
Come in, Silver Sable.
Abort the mission.
Do you read?
If she's already begun,
she's gone into radio silence.
Which means
I have to get to work.
Sable, stop everything.
I, uh‐‐ Ock has decided
we need to abort
the mission immediately.
Nice try,
but I know Ock.
If he wanted
the admission aborted,
he would've come himself.
Yes, well, he'd be here,
but he's... busy,
uh, greeting
his many admirers.
Ock has friends?
[laughs]
Since when? Forget it.
I'm moments away
from final activation.
[beeping]
This plan cannot continue.
Innocent lives
are at stake.
Ha. Otto Octavius?
Caring about innocents?
Sorry, Spider‐Man,
but now I know you're lying.
What?
Hmm. That was
a fatal mistake.
[grunts]
[grunting]
[yells, grunts]
Uh...
Oh, yeah.
I forgot about
this part of the plan.
I have Ock on my side
this time, web‐head.
You're out of luck!
Me, attacked by an Octo‐bot?
This is painfully ironic.
[grunts, laughs]
Oh, you might be good,
kid, but Ock is better.
You won't stop us now.
[beeps]
[beeping]
No! The detonator's
timers have started!
[grunts]
Everybody run!
You will pay for your defiance,
Sable!
[grunts]
You are a fine creation,
[beeping]
but I am your master.
How did you‐‐
[grunting]
Let's just say that my
familiarity with Octo‐bot design
[grunting]
allowed me insight
into its weak spots.
[annoyed groan]
It doesn't matter.
Ock's plan will‐‐
[muffled grunt]
[siren approaching]
Your contract
is terminated, shrew.
Hey, Spider‐Man,
how can we help?
It is most fortunate
that you are here.
The danger has not passed.
Get all civilians
clear of this location
by at least 100 yards.
Okay, but what‐‐
Do it now!
Everyone, please clear
the park area immediately!
[Doc Ock's voice, thinking]
I only have mere seconds
before these detonators
start exploding in a series.
A field test for the strength
of my new webs.
[onlookers shout, scream]
[yells]
[grunting, panting]
I've never seen him
so determined.
Is Spider‐Man somehow better
than he used to be?
The last bomb.
If I push this body
to its limits,
I should be able‐‐
My ball!
No!
[panting]
Attention!
You must get clear!
[panting, grunting]
[beeping continues, stops]
Get down!
[bell dings]
[murmuring]
[Peter]
Wow. Everyone looks
so small from up here.
Like little ants.
Yeah, but all
those ants are people,
just like you and me.
Millions of them.
From all over the world.
Each and every one of them
as important as anyone else.
That's why I love
coming up here.
Sometimes it's important
to see things
from a new perspective.
Spider‐Man, you saved
my grandson's life!
I‐‐ I did?
[policeman]
That was the bravest thing
I've ever seen.
Thank you, Spider‐Man.
[onlookers cheering]
Um, it is
my understanding
that this kind
of social situation
requires me to say,
"You are"‐‐
My hero, Spider‐Man.
Huh?
You're welcome.
My own father taught me
everyone else in the world
is beneath me,
but I now see Parker's
Uncle Ben was correct.
Every one of these people
are important.
[chattering]
Like a fool,
I thought I was the constant
in my life's equation‐‐
that nothing could change me.
But I never realized
that variables,
such as sharing all of
Peter Parker's experiences
would not only effect
my life's equation,
but improve it.
Despite the preposterousness
of this formula,
there is a certain truth to it.
Great power does equate
with great responsibility.
Otto Octavius will become
the Superior Spider‐Man.
Mmm.
Ah, steak dinner.
They don't got these
in the slammer.
I'd have given up
any one of youse
just to smell one.
[sniffs]
Oh! Buonissima!
Uh, aren't you worried
Spider‐Man might
track you down again,
throw us all behind bars?
Spider‐Man?!
[laughs]
I tell you what, that clown
in those clown pajamas
had the chance to stop me
when I was breaking out.
Guess what he did.
Stopped you?
No, he didn't stop me,
ya lunk!
I'm sitting right here
in front of ya.
If I could turn
your stupidity into energy,
I could power this city.
[scoffs]
Spider‐Man just let me go.
Turned his back
and webbed off.
We ain't got nothing
to worry about from him,
I tell you what.
Now pass the béarnaise.
Huh?
Wha‐‐
What's happenin'?
[grunting]
[cries out]
[grunts, groans]
Spider‐Man!
Since when do you
enter a room without
making a bad joke?
That was then,
Hammerhead.
This is now!
[blow lands]
Well, we're gonna have to get
the Neuro‐Cortex
out of this housing
and get it back to Horizon.
I hope it's not damaged
beyond repair.
[gasping]
Where am I?